W-10978786-TLSsupport-v43-duke (#2196)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tls-configuration.adoc

TLS is a cryptographic protocol that provides communications security for your Mule app. TLS offers many different ways of exchanging keys for authentication, encrypting data, and guaranteeing message integrity. This topic describes TLS as supported by Mule and how to configure TLS in Mule apps.

[[tls_compatibility]]
== TLS Compatibility Matrix

TLS compatibility differs by Mule deployment model and TLS version.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|TLS Version |On-Premises|CloudHub|Anypoint Runtime Fabric

> |1.3|Supported when running Mule on a JDK that supports 1.3. but _not enabled by default_|Not supported|Supported and enabled

Author: ```suggestion
|1.3|Supported when running Mule on a JDK that supports 1.3. but _not enabled by default_|Not supported|Supported when running on a JDK that supports 1.3 and _enabled by default_
```

> |1.3|Supported when running Mule on a JDK that supports 1.3. but _not enabled by default_|Not supported|Supported when running on a JDK that supports 1.3 and _enabled by default_

Author: ```suggestion
|1.3|Supported when running Mule on a JDK that supports TLS 1.3 but _not_ enabled by default|Not supported|Supported and enabled when running on a JDK that supports TLS 1.3
```

> |1.2 3+|Supported and enabled by all deployment models.

Author: ```suggestion
|1.2 3+|Supported and enabled by all deployment models
```

> |1.1 3+|Supported and enabled by all deployment models. 

Author: ```suggestion
|1.1 3+|Supported and enabled by all deployment models
```

TLS is a cryptographic protocol that provides communications security for your Mule app. TLS offers many different ways of exchanging keys for authentication, encrypting data, and guaranteeing message integrity. This topic describes TLS as supported by Mule and how to configure TLS in Mule apps.

> Mule runtime engine 4.x supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.1 and 1.2. If Mule is running on a JDK that supports TLS 1.3, Mule can run applications that use TLS 1.3.

Reviewer: We should first update https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.4/tls-configuration because it has an asterisk pointing to nowhere. Asterisk can be a note for on premises or something like that saying that 1.3 support is JDK dependant but it's present in all the latest versions of our recommended versions: https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.4/hardware-and-software-requirements#required-software. Then we can put exactly the same (including the compatibility matrix) here.

Author: I just added the table and removed the redundant sentence.

> Mule runtime engine 4.x supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.1 and 1.2. If Mule is running on a JDK that supports TLS 1.3, Mule can run applications that use TLS 1.3.

Author: ```suggestion
Mule runtime engine 4.x supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.1, 1.2, and 1.3 (when running Mule on a JDK that supports 1.3).
```

Author: removed
